Fixed formatting issue (#4270)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Upgrades/Upgrading-from-9-to-10/index.md

    "$schema": "./appsettings-schema.json",
    ```

    Apply this change to the following files as well:
    * **appsettings.Development.json**
    * **appsettings.Production.json**
    * **appsettings.Staging.json**

> 3. The final thing you need to do before testing the upgrade locally, is to remove a series of files no longer needed in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Remove the following files and folders *manually* from your local project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Remove the following files and folders *manually* from your local project:
```

    * `/wwwroot/umbraco`
    * `/umbraco/PartialViewMacros`
    * `/umbraco/UmbracoBackOffice`
    * `/umbraco/UmbracoInstall`
    * `/umbraco/UmbracoWebsite`
    * `/umbraco/config/lang`

> 4. If using Umbraco Forms, update your files and folders according to the [Upgrading - version specific](../../../Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Installation/Version-Specific.md) for version 10 article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update the Umbraco Forms related files and folders according to the [Upgrading - version specific](../../../Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Installation/Version-Specific.md) for version 10 article.
```

> 5. By default, Umbraco Deploy will create an SQLite database. If you want to re-use the existing LocalDB database, configure the [ConnectionStrings](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Upgrades/version-specific#database-initialization) or use the [`PreferLocalDbConnectionString` setting](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Deploy-Settings/#preferlocaldbconnectionstring).

Reviewer: This is not really an action 🤔 
Could this be split up in a way?
Like:

5. Choose your Database configuration:
    * To re-use the existing LocalDB database configure the [ConnectionStrings](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Upgrades/version-specific#database-initialization) or use the [`PreferLocalDbConnectionString` setting](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Deploy-Settings/#preferlocaldbconnectionstring)
    * To use the default configuration skip this step.

Not sure what would work best 🤔 but I don't think there should be two different options in the same step.

Author: I like the idea of splitting the step and providing specific actions. Will change it as above,
